name:Camp year:Senior 
name:Luann year:Junior 
name:Finnick year:Junior 
name:Rohan year:Junior 
name:Mehjabeen year:Senior 
name:Malhar year:Senior 
name:Jocee year:Junior 
name:Nitara year:Senior 
name:Amirjon year:Freshman 
name:Samatar year:Freshman 
name:Sal year:Junior 
name:Jadah year:Sophomore 
name:Benoit year:Senior 
name:Aristotelis year:Sophomore 
name:Chloe year:Sophomore 
name:Dianne year:Sophomore 
name:Salah year:Junior 
name:Amorah year:Freshman 
name:Kashlyn year:Junior 
name:Odinn year:Senior 
name:Nikoli year:Sophomore 
name:Shilynn year:Sophomore 
name:Kanishk year:Freshman 
name:Macyn year:Sophomore 
